Docs (#58)
dexe-network/investment-contracts: docs/Developers/Investments/SmartContracts/Insurance/Withdrawing.md

# 💸Withdrawing

> To withdraw deposited DEXE tokens back from the insurance deposit, the `withdraw()` function is used. The insurance will cover less tokens after withdrawing as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To withdraw deposited DEXE tokens back from the insurance deposit, the `withdraw()` function is used. The insurance will cover less tokens after withdrawal.
```
